You do not know me and I can never know you.

I want to be seen but I do not want to be watched.
I do not want to be watched but I want to be visible.
I want to be visible but I do not want to be surveilled.
I do not want to be surveilled but I want to be present.
I want to be present but I do not want to leave my past.
I do not want to leave my past but I want to grow.
I want to grow but I do not want to leave.
I do not want to leave but I want to explore.
I want to explore but I do not want to overstep.
I do not want to overstep but I want to understand.
I want to understand but I do not want to judge.
I do not want to judge but I want to make connections.
I want to make connections but I do not want to be vulnerable.
I do not want to be vulnerable but I want to be receptive.
I want to be receptive but I do not want to be naive.
I do not want to be naive but I want to admire.
I want to admire but I do not want to stare.
I do not want to stare but I want to be curious.
I want to be curious but I want to be respectful.
I want to be respectful but I do not want to be governed.
I do not want to be governed but I want to belong.
I want to belong but I do not want to lose myself.
I do not want to lose myself but I want to participate.
I want to participate but I do not want to perpetuate.
I do not want to perpetuate but I want to create momentum.
I want to create momentum but I do not want to be misguided.
I do not want to be misguided but I want to demystify.
I want to demystify but I do not want to expose.
I do not want to expose but I want to speculate.
I want to speculate but I do not want to exploit.
I do not want to exploit but I want to wonder.
I want to wonder but I do not want to misinform.
I do not want to misinform but I want to educate.
I want to educate but I do not want to overshare.
I do not want to overshare but I want to be vocal.
I want to be vocal but I do not want to silence.
I do not want to silence but I want to be represented.
I want to be represented but I do not want to be captured.
I do not want to be captured but I want to be remembered.
I want to be remembered but I do not want to live forever.
I do not want to live forever but I want to live forever.
I want to live forever but I do not want to live forever.
I do not want to live forever but I want to live forever.

May your image rest peacefully.